---
title: Titre 23 NYCRR partie 500
description: Microsoft a préparé un Guide expliquant comment Azure, Office 365 et Power BI peuvent aider les institutions financières à respecter les exigences de 23 NYCRR 500.
keywords: Offres pour la conformité Microsoft 365
localization_priority: Priority
ms.prod: microsoft-365-enterprise
ms.topic: article
f1.keywords:
- NOCSH
ms.author: robmazz
author: robmazz
manager: laurawi
audience: itpro
ms.collection: M365-security-compliance
hideEdit: true
titleSuffix: Microsoft Compliance
ms.openlocfilehash: fa76fefbeea2c8fc0226a85d5b12599839eba8ca
ms.sourcegitcommit: d7975c391e03eeb96e29c1d02e77d2a1433ea67c
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: fr-FR
ms.lasthandoff: 11/05/2020
ms.locfileid: "48920406"
---
# <a name="title-23-nycrr-part-500"></a><span data-ttu-id="215cf-104">Titre 23 NYCRR partie 500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-104">Title 23 NYCRR Part 500</span></span>

## <a name="title-23-nycrr-part-500-overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="215cf-105">Vue d’ensemble du titre 23 NYCRR partie 500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-105">Title 23 NYCRR Part 500 overview</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="215cf-p101">In response to the significant and ever-increasing threats to the cybersecurity of information and financial systems, in 2017, the State of New York Department of Financial Services imposed a new set of cybersecurity requirements on financial institutions that are licensed or authorized to do business in the state. This regulation — Title 23 New York Codes, Rules, and Regulation Part 500: Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies — is designed to protect customer data and the information technology systems of financial institutions such as state-chartered, private, and international banks, mortgage brokers, and insurance companies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-p101">In response to the significant and ever-increasing threats to the cybersecurity of information and financial systems, in 2017, the State of New York Department of Financial Services imposed a new set of cybersecurity requirements on financial institutions that are licensed or authorized to do business in the state. This regulation — Title 23 New York Codes, Rules, and Regulation Part 500: Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies — is designed to protect customer data and the information technology systems of financial institutions such as state-chartered, private, and international banks, mortgage brokers, and insurance companies.</span></span>

## <a name="microsoft-and-title-23-nycrr-part-500"></a><span data-ttu-id="215cf-108">Microsoft et titre 23 NYCRR partie 500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-108">Microsoft and Title 23 NYCRR Part 500</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="215cf-p102">Microsoft provides a comprehensive guide, [Microsoft Cloud Services: Supporting Compliance with NYDFS Cybersecurity Requirements](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/TrustDocuments?command=Download&downloadType=Document&downloadId=f7e56dc6-4e52-4e9a-af06-aa41d5851d36&docTab=6d000410-c9e9-11e7-9a91-892aae8839ad_Compliance_Guides), for financial services regulated under Title 23 NYCRR Part 500. It explains in depth how Azure, Office 365, and Power BI cloud services support compliance with the requirements. Financial institutions that seek to operate in the global financial center of New York must meet them, so compliance is critical for many institutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-p102">Microsoft provides a comprehensive guide, [Microsoft Cloud Services: Supporting Compliance with NYDFS Cybersecurity Requirements](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/TrustDocuments?command=Download&downloadType=Document&downloadId=f7e56dc6-4e52-4e9a-af06-aa41d5851d36&docTab=6d000410-c9e9-11e7-9a91-892aae8839ad_Compliance_Guides), for financial services regulated under Title 23 NYCRR Part 500. It explains in depth how Azure, Office 365, and Power BI cloud services support compliance with the requirements. Financial institutions that seek to operate in the global financial center of New York must meet them, so compliance is critical for many institutions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="215cf-112">Suivez les conseils ci-dessous pour optimiser votre conformité au titre 23 NYCRR partie 500 : services de cloud computing Microsoft : [prise en charge de la conformité aux exigences de cybersécurité de NYDFS](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2098969).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-112">Follow this guidance to accelerate your compliance with Title 23 NYCRR Part 500: Microsoft Cloud Services: [Supporting Compliance with NYDFS Cybersecurity Requirements](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2098969)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="215cf-113">Les réglementations de New York exigent de chaque institution financière les actions suivantes :</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-113">The New York regulations require each financial institution to:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="215cf-p103">**Develop and maintain a robust cybersecurity program** starting with an assessment of the institution’s specific risk profile and then designing a program that addresses them. The [Microsoft Cloud Financial Services Compliance Program](https://www.microsoft.com/download/confirmation.aspx?id=55332) was created to help financial services assess the risks of using Microsoft cloud services. It includes direct engagement with our engineers and corporate risk officers and access to our compliance and security experts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-p103">**Develop and maintain a robust cybersecurity program** starting with an assessment of the institution’s specific risk profile and then designing a program that addresses them. The [Microsoft Cloud Financial Services Compliance Program](https://www.microsoft.com/download/confirmation.aspx?id=55332) was created to help financial services assess the risks of using Microsoft cloud services. It includes direct engagement with our engineers and corporate risk officers and access to our compliance and security experts.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="215cf-p104">**Implement a comprehensive cybersecurity policy** that addresses information security, data governance and classification, access controls, business continuity, and the like. Microsoft offers guidance for developing this policy with in-depth information about our certifications and risk assessments; business continuity and disaster recovery metrics; and diagnostics for logging and auditing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-p104">**Implement a comprehensive cybersecurity policy** that addresses information security, data governance and classification, access controls, business continuity, and the like. Microsoft offers guidance for developing this policy with in-depth information about our certifications and risk assessments; business continuity and disaster recovery metrics; and diagnostics for logging and auditing.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="215cf-p105">**Désignez un responsable de la sécurité des informations** (RSI) pour gérer le programme de cyber-sécurité et appliquer une stratégie. Pour aider votre RSI, Microsoft fournit des informations approfondies sur les déploiements de Microsoft Cloud via [Azure Defender](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/security-center/?v=17.23h) [Office 365 Advanced Threat Analytics](https://docs.microsoft.com/advanced-threat-analytics/) et [Power BI Security](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=829185).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-p105">**Designate a chief information security officer** (CISO) to manage the cybersecurity program and enforce policy. To help your CISO, Microsoft provides in-depth cybersecurity information about Microsoft cloud deployments through [Azure Defender](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/security-center/?v=17.23h), [Office 365 Advanced Threat Analytics](https://docs.microsoft.com/advanced-threat-analytics/), and [Power BI Security](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=829185).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="215cf-p106">**Monitor and test the effectiveness of its cybersecurity program** : Microsoft provides information from audits of its cybersecurity practices that include continuous monitoring, periodic penetration testing, and vulnerability assessments. Customers can conduct their own tests without advance permission from Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-p106">**Monitor and test the effectiveness of its cybersecurity program** : Microsoft provides information from audits of its cybersecurity practices that include continuous monitoring, periodic penetration testing, and vulnerability assessments. Customers can conduct their own tests without advance permission from Microsoft.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="215cf-p107">**Maintain an audit trail.** Built-in audit functionalities of Azure, Office 365, and Power BI customers generate information that can be used to reconstruct financial transactions and develop audit trail information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-p107">**Maintain an audit trail.** Built-in audit functionalities of Azure, Office 365, and Power BI customers generate information that can be used to reconstruct financial transactions and develop audit trail information.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="215cf-125">**Limitation de l’accès aux systèmes d’information qui contiennent des informations non publiques**. Azure, Office 365 et Power BI proposent un processus de contrôle d’accès basé sur les rôles (RBAC) natif pour chaque service, des exigences strictes en matière de sécurité et d’accès pour chaque administrateur Microsoft et des audits de toutes les demandes de privilèges d’accès élevés.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-125">**Limit access to information systems that contain nonpublic information** : Measures that Azure, Office 365, and Power BI offer a role-based access control (RBAC) process native to each service, strict security and access requirements for every Microsoft administrator, and audits of every request for elevated access privileges.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="215cf-126">**Élaboration de procédures pour évaluer et tester la sécurité des applications développées en externe**  : pour les développeurs utilisant Visual Studio, [les règles de sécurité](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/security-rules-rule-set-for-managed-code) du code géré permettent de s’assurer que les menaces à la cybersécurité des applications sont détectées et atténuées avant que le code ne soit déployé.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-126">**Institute procedures to assess and test the security of externally developed applications** : For developers using Visual Studio, [Security Rules](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/security-rules-rule-set-for-managed-code) for managed code can help ensure that application cybersecurity threats are detected and mitigated before the code is deployed.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="215cf-p108">**Use periodic risk assessments to design and enhance cybersecurity programs** : For customers, Microsoft aggregates information about security threats, provides roadmaps of change management, and regularly updates information about subcontractors. Microsoft also regularly conducts risk assessments of its own services, the results of which are available to customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-p108">**Use periodic risk assessments to design and enhance cybersecurity programs** : For customers, Microsoft aggregates information about security threats, provides roadmaps of change management, and regularly updates information about subcontractors. Microsoft also regularly conducts risk assessments of its own services, the results of which are available to customers.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="215cf-p109">**Use qualified personnel to manage cybersecurity risks and oversee cybersecurity functions** : Microsoft employs stringent procedures for our employee access to your customer data. If we hire subcontractors, we remain responsible for service delivery, and ensure that subcontractors fully comply with Microsoft privacy and security commitments, including requirements for handling sensitive data, background checks, and non-disclosure agreements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-p109">**Use qualified personnel to manage cybersecurity risks and oversee cybersecurity functions** : Microsoft employs stringent procedures for our employee access to your customer data. If we hire subcontractors, we remain responsible for service delivery, and ensure that subcontractors fully comply with Microsoft privacy and security commitments, including requirements for handling sensitive data, background checks, and non-disclosure agreements.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="215cf-131">**Implémentation de stratégies et procédures afin de garantir la sécurité des informations détenues par des fournisseurs de service tiers** : Azure, Office 365 et Power BI rendent l’authentification multifacteur disponible pour toutes les connexions entrantes aux réseaux d’entreprise ; implémentation de contrôles, y compris le chiffrement, pour protéger les informations non publiques en transit sur les réseaux extérieurs et au repos ; et offres de [conditions de Microsoft Online Services](https://aka.ms/Online-Services-Terms) qui fournissent la notification au client, l’analyse des incidents et l’atténuation des risques pour les incidents de sécurité.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-131">**Implement policies and procedures to ensure the security of information held by third-party service providers** : Azure, Office 365, and Power BI make multi-factor authentication available for all inbound connections to company networks; implement controls, including encryption, to protect nonpublic information in transit over external networks and at rest; and offer [Microsoft Online Services Terms](https://aka.ms/Online-Services-Terms) that provide for customer notification, incident investigation, and risk mitigation for security incidents.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="215cf-132">**Implémentation de stratégies et de procédures de conservation et de suppression de données** : vous pouvez toujours accéder aux données client stockées dans Azure, Office 365 et Power BI et les extraire.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-132">**Implement data retention and deletion policies and procedures** : You can always access and extract your customer data stored in Azure, Office 365, and Power BI.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="215cf-p110">**Monitor the activity of authorized users, detect unauthorized access, and offer regular cybersecurity awareness training to employees** : Azure, Office 365, and Power BI include outside-in monitoring to raise alerts about incidents, and extensive diagnostics for logging and auditing. [Microsoft Virtual Academy](https://mva.microsoft.com/) offers online training that covers the cybersecurity of Microsoft cloud services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-p110">**Monitor the activity of authorized users, detect unauthorized access, and offer regular cybersecurity awareness training to employees** : Azure, Office 365, and Power BI include outside-in monitoring to raise alerts about incidents, and extensive diagnostics for logging and auditing. [Microsoft Virtual Academy](https://mva.microsoft.com/) offers online training that covers the cybersecurity of Microsoft cloud services.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="215cf-p111">**Develop plans to respond to and recover from cybersecurity incidents** : Microsoft helps you prepare for cybersecurity incidents using a defensive strategy to detect, predict, and prevent security breaches before they occur. When developing your own plans, you can draw on our incident management plan for responding to cybersecurity breaches.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-p111">**Develop plans to respond to and recover from cybersecurity incidents** : Microsoft helps you prepare for cybersecurity incidents using a defensive strategy to detect, predict, and prevent security breaches before they occur. When developing your own plans, you can draw on our incident management plan for responding to cybersecurity breaches.</span></span>

## <a name="microsoft-in-scope-cloud-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="215cf-137">Services Cloud Microsoft concernés</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-137">Microsoft in-scope cloud services</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="215cf-138">Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-138">Azure</span></span>](https://aka.ms/AzureCompliance)
- <span data-ttu-id="215cf-139">Intune</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-139">Intune</span></span>
- [<span data-ttu-id="215cf-140">Office 365</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-140">Office 365</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=2077751)
- <span data-ttu-id="215cf-141">Service Cloud Power BI soit en service autonome, soit inclus dans un plan ou une suite Office 365</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-141">Power BI cloud service either as a standalone service or as included in an Office 365 branded plan or suite</span></span>

## <a name="frequently-asked-questions"></a><span data-ttu-id="215cf-142">Questions fréquentes (FAQ)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-142">Frequently asked questions</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="215cf-143">**Quelles sont les institutions couvertes par le présent règlement ?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-143">**What institutions are covered under this regulation?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="215cf-144">Pour déterminer si votre institution est régie par le présent règlement, consultez le département des services financiers de New York ([Qui nous supervisons](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2099374)).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-144">Consult the New York Department of Financial Services [Who We Supervise](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2099374) to determine whether your institution is governed by this regulation.</span></span>

## <a name="resources"></a><span data-ttu-id="215cf-145">Ressources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-145">Resources</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="215cf-146">Ressources proposées</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-146">Featured resources</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/trustcenter/compliance/NYCRR)
- [<span data-ttu-id="215cf-147">Département des services financiers de l’État de New York 23 NYCRR 500 : exigences de cybersécurité pour les sociétés de services financiers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-147">New York State Department of Financial Services 23 NYCRR 500: Cybersecurity Requirements For Financial Services Companies</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2098976)
- [<span data-ttu-id="215cf-148">FAQ : 23 NYCRR partie 500 : cybersécurité</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-148">FAQs: 23 NYCRR Part 500–Cybersecurity</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2098977)
- [<span data-ttu-id="215cf-149">Services de cloud computing de Microsoft : prise en charge de la conformité avec les exigences de cybersécurité du NYDFS</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-149">Microsoft Cloud Services: Supporting Compliance with NYDFS Cybersecurity Requirements</span></span>](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/TrustDocuments?command=Download&downloadType=Document&downloadId=f7e56dc6-4e52-4e9a-af06-aa41d5851d36&docTab=6d000410-c9e9-11e7-9a91-892aae8839ad_Compliance_Guides)
- [<span data-ttu-id="215cf-150">Conformité sur le centre de gestion de la confidentialité Microsoft</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-150">Compliance on the Microsoft Trust Center</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/trust-center/compliance/compliance-overview)

## <a name="other-microsoft-resources-for-financial-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="215cf-151">Autres ressources Microsoft pour les services financiers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-151">Other Microsoft resources for financial services</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="215cf-152">Services Enterprise Cloud et financiers Microsoft</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-152">Microsoft business cloud services and financial services</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/trustcenter/cloudservices/financialservices)
- [<span data-ttu-id="215cf-153">Programme de conformité des services financiers de Microsoft Cloud</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-153">Microsoft Cloud Financial Services Compliance Program</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/download/confirmation.aspx?id=55332)
- [<span data-ttu-id="215cf-154">Conformité destinée au secteur des services financiers dans Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-154">Financial services compliance in Azure</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/resources/videos/azurecon-2015-financial-services-compliance-in-azure/)
- <span data-ttu-id="215cf-155">[Responsabilités partagées pour le cloud computing](https://aka.ms/sharedresponsibility)-</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="215cf-155">[Shared responsibilities for cloud computing](https://aka.ms/sharedresponsibility)-</span></span> 
